Ruby agent docs updates (#11703)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/release-notes/agent-release-notes/ruby-release-notes/ruby-agent-800.mdx

releaseDate: '2021-09-22'
version: 8.0.0
downloadLink: 'https://rubygems.org/downloads/newrelic_rpm-8.0.0.gem'

> features: ["Distributed tracing enabled by default", "Cross Application is deprecated and disabled by default", "Update configuration default value for `span_events.max_samples_stored` from 1000 to 2000", "'add_method_tracer' now uses prepend chaining", "Add support for ARM64/Graviton2 platform using Ruby 3.0.2+"]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
features: ["Distributed tracing enabled by default", "Cross Application Tracing is deprecated and disabled by default", "Update configuration default value for `span_events.max_samples_stored` from 1000 to 2000", "'add_method_tracer' now uses Module prepending", "Add support for ARM64/Graviton2 platform using Ruby 3.0.2+"]
```

Author: [Fixed](https://github.com/newrelic/docs-website/pull/11703/commits/f755804b3a1fea8abcd87d362cc92a4c34c3ea03#diff-907e1504529aaf59a55f966279bab8b4353b1cafc882eca69c4859c182f13a4fR6)!

> features: ["Distributed tracing enabled by default", "Cross Application Tracing is deprecated and disabled by default", "Update configuration default value for `span_events.max_samples_stored` from 1000 to 2000", "'add_method_tracer' now uses Module prepend chaining", "Add support for ARM64/Graviton2 platform using Ruby 3.0.2+"]

Reviewer: check removals!

> bugs: ["Correctly load configuration options from newrelic.yml"]

Reviewer: Were there certain config options fixed? This one feels a bit vague/concerning

Author: [Specified](https://github.com/newrelic/docs-website/pull/11703/commits/f755804b3a1fea8abcd87d362cc92a4c34c3ea03#diff-907e1504529aaf59a55f966279bab8b4353b1cafc882eca69c4859c182f13a4fR7) the config options that were fixed

releaseDate: '2021-09-22'
version: 8.0.0
downloadLink: 'https://rubygems.org/downloads/newrelic_rpm-8.0.0.gem'

> features: ["Distributed tracing enabled by default", "Cross Application Tracing is deprecated and disabled by default", "Update configuration default value for span_events.max_samples_stored from 1000 to 2000", "add_method_tracer now uses Module prepending instead of alias_method chaining", "Add support for ARM64/Graviton2 platform using Ruby 3.0.2+", "Remove previously deprecated method External.start_segment", "Remove support for Excon versions below 0.19.0, Mongo versions below 2.1, and Merb (all versions)"]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
features: ["Distributed tracing enabled by default", "Cross Application Tracing is deprecated and disabled by default", "Update configuration default value for span_events.max_samples_stored from 1000 to 2000", "add_method_tracer now uses Module prepending instead of alias_method chaining", "Add support for ARM64/Graviton2 platform using Ruby 3.0.2+", "Remove previously deprecated method External.start_segment", "Remove support for Excon versions below 0.19.0," "Remove support for Mongo versions below 2.1", "Remove support for Merb"]
```
